NAME
    Locale::Codes - a distribution of modules to handle locale codes

DESCRIPTION
    Locale::Codes is a distribution containing a set of modules. The modules
    each deal with different types of codes which identify parts of the
    locale including languages, countries, currency, etc.

    I plan on releasing a new version a couple of times a year to
    incorporate any changes made in the standards. If one changes, and you
    want a new release sooner, just email me and I'll get one out.

KNOWN BUGS AND LIMITATIONS
    None known.

SEE ALSO
    Locale::Constants
        Constants for Locale codes.

    Locale::Country
        Codes for identification of countries.

    Locale::Language
        Codes for identification of languages.

    Locale::Script
        Codes for identification of scripts.

    Locale::Currency
        Codes for identification of currencies and funds.

NEW CODE SETS
    I'm open to suggestions for new code sets. For example, the FIPS 10
    country codes were added based on a request.

    In order for me to add a code set, I require the following:

    General-use code set
        If a code set is not general use, I'm not likely to spend the time
        to add and support it.

    An official free source of data
        I require an official (or at least, a NEARLY official) source where
        I can get the data on a regular basis.

        Ideally, I want to get data from the official maintainers. For
        example, the country FIPS 10 codes should come from the source which
        is the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.

        In a few instances, I may consider an unofficial source. For
        example, I get some country data from the CIA World Factbook. Given
        the nature of the source, I'm sure they're updating data from the
        official sources and I consider it "nearly" official.

        There are many 3rd party sites which maintain lists (many of which
        are actually in a more convenient form than the official sites).
        Unfortunately, I will reject most of them since I have no indication
        of how "official" they are.

        Obviously, the data must be free-of-charge. I'm not interested in
        paying for the data (and I'm not interested in the overhead of
        having someone else pay for the data for me).

    A reliable source of data
        The source of data must come from a source that I can reasonably
        expect to exist for the foreseeable future.

        Please do not offer to send me a data set... I will not consider an
        individual contribution as a reliable source of data. The source
        must be an official agency of some sort.

AUTHOR
    Locale::Country and Locale::Language were originally written by Neil
    Bowers at the Canon Research Centre Europe (CRE). They maintained the
    distribution from 1997 to 2001.

    Locale::Currency was originally written by Michael Hennecke.

    In 2001, maintenance was continued by Neil Bowers. He modified
    Locale::Currency for inclusion in the distribution. He also added
    Locale::Constants and Locale::Script.

    In 2010, maintenance was taken over by Sullivan Beck (sbeck@cpan.org).

COPYRIGHT
       Copyright (c) 1997-2001 Canon Research Centre Europe (CRE).
       Copyright (c) 2001      Michael Hennecke (Locale::Currency)
       Copyright (c) 2001-2010 Neil Bowers
       Copyright (c) 2010-2010 Sullivan Beck

    This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

